Revisions for Reiwa era (#11611)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/datetime/working-with-calendars.md

Calendars typically divide dates into eras. However, the <xref:System.Globalization.Calendar> classes in .NET do not support every era defined by a calendar, and most of the <xref:System.Globalization.Calendar> classes support only a single era. Only the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseCalendar> and <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseLunisolarCalendar> classes support multiple eras.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>  The Reiwa era, a new era in the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseCalendar> and <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseLunisolarCalendar>, begins on May 1, 2019. This change affects all applications that use these calendars. See the following articles for more information:

> > - [Handling a new era in the Japanese calendar in .NET](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/handling-a-new-era-in-the-japanese-calendar-in-net/), which documents features added to .NET to support calendars with multiple eras and discusses best practies to use when handling multi-era calenars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [Handling a new era in the Japanese calendar in .NET](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/handling-a-new-era-in-the-japanese-calendar-in-net/), which documents features added to .NET to support calendars with multiple eras and discusses best practices to use when handling multi-era calendars.
```

> - [Prepare your application for the Japanese era change](/windows/uwp/design/globalizing/japanese-era-change), which provides information on testing your applications on Windows to ensure their readiness for the era change.
> - [Summary of new Japanese Era updates for .NET Framework](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4477957/new-japanese-era-updates-for-net-framework), which lists .NET Framework updates for individual Windows versions that are related to the new Japanese calendar era, notes new .NET Framework features for multi-era support, and includes things to look for in testing your applications.

> An era in most calendars denotes an extremely long time period. In the Gregorian calendar, for example, the current era spans more than two millenia. For the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseCalendar> and the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseLunisolarCalendar>, the two calendars that support multiple eras, this is not the case. An era corresponds to the period of an emperor's reign. Support for multiple eras, particularly when the upper limit of the current era is unknown, poses special challenges. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An era in most calendars denotes an extremely long time period. In the Gregorian calendar, for example, the current era spans more than two millennia. For the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseCalendar> and the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseLunisolarCalendar>, the two calendars that support multiple eras, this is not the case. An era corresponds to the period of an emperor's reign. Support for multiple eras, particularly when the upper limit of the current era is unknown, poses special challenges. 
```

> 

Reviewer: unrelated to your change: line 197
In specifying a era -> In specifying an era

### Calendars, eras, and date ranges: Relaxed range checks

> Very much like individual calendars have supported date ranges, eras in the <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseCalendar> and <xref:System.Globalization.JapaneseLunisolarCalendar> classes also have supported ranges. Previously, .NET used strict era range checks to ensure that an era-specific date was within the range of that era. That is, if a date is outside of the range of the specified era, the method throws an <xref:System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException>. Currently, the .NET Framework uses relaxed ranged checking by default. Updates to all versions of the .NET Framework introduced relaxed era range checks; the attempt to instantiate an era-specific date that is outside the range of the specified era "overflows" into the following era, and no exception is thrown.

Reviewer: you mention Framework here, but what about Core?
